Add merge conflict note to README file (#2)
electrovir/git-vir: README.md

1. Start with the base-most branch (the branch closest to your main dev branch) that needs to be updated.
2. Make the necessary changes to that branch (rebase, commit amend, etc.).
3. Run `git-vir push`.

>     - If you use a remote name besides `origin`, you can provide that as well with `git-vir <remote-name-here> push`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you use a remote name besides `origin`, you can provide that as well with `git-vir <remote-name-here> push`.
```

Author: added

>     - If you encounter merge conflicts, resolve  them as you would for a normal `git rebase` command. Then, run `git-vir push` to resume updating the chain.

Reviewer: Sorry, just one last tiny change:
```suggestion
    - If you encounter merge conflicts, resolve them as you would for a normal `git rebase` command. Then, run `git-vir push` to resume updating the chain.
```

Reviewer: I'll fix this after merge

>     - If you encounter merge conflicts, resolve the conflicts, run `git-rebase --continue` until rebase has finished. Then, run `git-vir push` to resume updating the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you encounter merge conflicts, resolve them as you would for a normal `git rebase` command. Then run `git-vir push` to resume updating the chain.
```

Author: updated
